enhance guides (#266)
archway-network/archway-docs: content/2.developers/3.guides/3.my-first-dapp/3.deploy.md

Only **wasm** files optimized with the **cosmwasm/rust-optimizer** can be stored on chain. If your local project does not have an **artifacts** folder, or, if the **artifacts** folder is empty. Go back to the [previous guide step](./2.wasm.md) for information on producing _CosmWasm_ optimized executables.

> You can get some **CONST** to pay for the tx fees from the <a href="https://discord.gg/archwayhq" target="_blank">Discord</a> faucet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain a certain amount of **CONST** tokens to cover transaction fees on the **Constantine** testnet by using the faucet available on <a href="https://discord.gg/archwayhq" target="_blank">Discord</a>.
```

::
Since we cloned the **Increment** starter template, try instantiating with your **counter** argument set to **0**:

For example:

::tab-card{noOfTabs=2}
#title0
developer CLI

#desc0
::highlight-card

```bash
archway instantiate --args '{"my_key":"my value"}'
```

::

#title1
archwayd

#desc1
::highlight-card

```bash
archwayd tx wasm instantiate 795 '{"count":0}' --from my-wallet --node https://rpc.constantine-2.archway.tech:443 --chain-id constantine-2 --gas 5000000 --fees 8000uconst --label testdev --admin archway1c23y29x9fcs4zlfv5tvl4nrq56p6gywq0snrxl
```

::

::

In the case of the developer CLI, if you instantiate without using **--args** you'll be prompted by the CLI to enter that information. If your dapp contract doesn't take any constructor arguments use **{}** to denote **null** arguments.

> In the case of using **archwayd**, you need to add the the **Code Id** (which you can see by looking at the **store** tx data and set the **admin** address. You can check that information and the contract address on a [blockeplorer](/resources/blockexplorers)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of using **archwayd**, you need to add the **Code Id** (which you can see by looking at the **store** transaction data and set the **admin** address. You can check that information and the contract address on a [blockeplorer](/resources/blockexplorers)).
```
